ukraine
[music]
it’s also on
purpose that you played on the
band of the pm we attacked on the
moon or through a yell like on the floor then
strangely gave hours some people
let’s say the same military some don’t
want them to frame although we’ll let’s say
earlier I’m also kind of like this
I was in this complex at first, I could
say, well, I was neutral, well, like, I
felt sorry for Ukraine, and then that they started talking to us,
and after that they
don’t want to clean everything up now,
we
don’t go out, we see of
course we are here,
well, why go to rallies from and not  I’ll give
the mobile base for eight years and
Luhansk how do you know
18 years old
in 16 there was a report on television
I watched then too, but even then, of
course, I would have seen it all the same
and more than once it was like this on the Internet
[music]
look me  I also do
n’t look for the sake of showing off the modules of
Mariupol Kharkov
city no, you saved it like that, well, look, it
turns out on the third day of the war, not from
birth, not at 3, for it turns out the fourth
fourth day, our sa
the flights flew over the Kyiv capital of Ukraine, it turns out they could have finished everything then, and everything is all the more so from this from Belarus itself, in 1 minute you know there, literally, very close distances, why they didn’t understand Kyiv right away, it was the army itself, well, in the same place and very in fact, no, the guys there also attacked the rack, or, well, why don’t they just take rockets from you, it looks like a new one, which is supersonic, why they just didn’t turn off all the version right away, why not all of it was written out, of course, well, as if we just deceived ourselves before I took it and stole there are no missiles like that so in a sufficient crisis it was not clear for themselves to build palaces well, who knows, look how you think we will prepare or not, well, of course, why will there be a country in which there is no oil, gas, gold amazing waits worse than people in Europe because everything in Claude's pocket, that is, it turns out their way and the company today, yes, now they are starting to take and we are angry with the Ukrainians, they are on their way to  who is a thief
,
to be honest, I don’t know about this question, but
yes, it’s just difficult and scary, it’s not a
politician by chance, well, how do I opposition,
they
just get Sochi if we have a
huge one, we should
well, it’s logical
why if the guys in Poland hit the Czechs
jennette my resources can  travel to
different countries of Europe travel already
you have been to some countries in kazakhstan the
achievement will be poured tomorrow well and i can say i am a
kazakh and i live in krasnodar but it is
supported by network greens and i don’t
remember
you don’t have
money to fly somewhere in your mouth, but
even Japan, look, it turns
out, let’s say Sweden is also a
member of the European Union,
like you said, they already have quite a currency
for themselves, that is, a large one, well,
you understand and  also because of this,
so to speak,
how to put it correctly, an opener
,
I ask for cigarettes,
well, this is the group that their
friend's salinity is supported by the money of
these forces and  they kind of have money for this
,
they don’t have gas and they buy a gattuso,
you buy it, look
where they get such people from,
as it were, it
doesn’t
just turn out that if we don’t have
more money, but people have less money,
then someone gets this money for themselves,
then it turns out to us  instead of
fighting with ukraine, it
might be better to
print this money on the road for us
kindergartens, schools,
all the grandmothers go to moscow,
but at least you had peace in moscow, why didn’t we have a chance
there, my relatives went there,
grandfather and mother,
you live and
even in moscow, not because  taste of
moscow
connections with it turns out moscow's pumps out
baci from all regions to
itself fat miss a
layer of people defined there
why we need to support a child there
honestly without a clue how exactly for the country I
use history not for power from but
that of them too
how it became such the biggest of the
greatest
greatness  of our country,
at least in her own, that's why,
let's also say Sweden, that's how we
said, she's such a raspberry,
because she has a history, she's like  how
not, and again, she would have us too, as if
she hadn’t had such a certain one, it
would have been like Russia developing with us,
conquering it all they lived there,
it’s certainly good,
almost a miller, she also has no layers and there
were warriors, I know I would look like  it is from the
side of the dossier that, of course, there is much more the
conquest of the entire territory
turns out to be the greatness of Russia in that it
captured the Bashkirs and Tatars of the
storm, and then they run, it captured the
neighboring peoples, and in this its greatness
can be said, as it were, the very
story
that she did for me  what great thing
can you hold and say
then let’s sarva it was the
richest country at that time the richest
it occupied the very first place and in terms of
weapons well of course not in terms of salaries
it was the richest but not for people
well you can say so well then
she was good at getting it, but in what way would anyone have
this prosperity and wealth, and people
to sleep people with this and make-up that the salary
was small;
now,
small, small,
they borrowed
adequately for  I
don’t know where you are calling this information from, something
was missing the
whole story is taken, I just
lived nine more years to my heart for 81 at
birth, I remember very fond of bread and the
time just when they fall apart and before
that, in general, in what years was this
goal  grace
from the
sixties to the 70s, this is straight in general, but
what was there,
well, how do you like the strait of cigarettes, the war will
rebuild and everything ended at that
time it just went, as it were, of course, the
collapse was also for 1 hour, but these moments of
these years are approximately, but precisely  in these years
60 .
60 still your dad and mom were small, I
imagine it must be,
I haven’t been born yet, it
turns out you already throw where you got the
information from 70 kg of weight, the start
was generally chocolate,
well, firstly, this is the story of the parents as well
as how they lived.  the useful volume is that it’s not
for the grandparents of the great-grandmothers, but that the
grandmother that she had such that
the American didn’t have and you don’t have why again
that the grandmother had at 60 dude the Americans
what was not in the American the
muck of the surf with a disk on the same
a wonderful character in the ussr it was good 70
you know here I am razmik smile the
professor says there store grandma grandfather
oleg st and they say cook
so that the ussr was good this is the story
they all believe that there was a golden
age somewhere and that’s where you need to go back there it was
good  from zara buga well, it was
good there for I respect for the time of work
well my version of lm and more correctly
think we will throw our heads why
in russia such a rich
gaston oil gold diamonds are out of the light and people live
ben too a specific steering wheel and why do we
need russia petr  imago you are a politician
ottoman in a pack and
subscribe to the ashari channel mind yes
let's attack a kilogram on youtube
disable forged
and
in this
and the giblets are bursting at the seams and in the morning you
went through what  pi process glory to ukraine